{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg950\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset136 PingFangTC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13640\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The Data is recorded by google glass, and the size is 1280*720 for each picture.\
We write three api to call the data\'92s answers. The first one returns every single points of hands, the second one return the image you want, and the third one returns the YOLO answer,a 5*18*32 matrices.Every detail of functions is below. Hope you enjoy it and tolerate my poor English!!!!!\
\
1.call_data(k,t):\
The first input is the \'91Name\'92 of the place, and the second input is the \'91Name\'92 of the picture. It will return an array, which represents every hands\'92 points\'92 location.\
The \'911\'92, \'922\'92, \'913\'92, \'914\'92 in the array means 4 different people\'92s hands. \
\'911\'92 : your left hand\
\'912\'92 : your right hand\
\'913\'92 : others\'92 left hand\
\'914\'92 : others\'92 right hand\
\
2.call_img(k, t)\
The first input is the \'91Name\'92 of the place, and the second input is the \'91Name\'92 of the picture. It will show you the picture you want.\
\
3.\
The first input is the \'91Name\'92 of the place, and the second input is the \'91Name\'92 of the picture. It will return an \
5*18*32 matrices, which is designed for YOLO answer. The answer is cutting every picture into multiple 40*40 squares. By doing this, each picture consists of  32*18 squares, and we will find out whether this picture has the \'91Hand Center\'92, which is defined as the Hand Box Square\'92s center. And the Hand box is a square, containing all the single points of hands(from the function \'92call_data\'92)\
MORE DETAIL OF THE MATRIX \
The first \'915\'92 means it is 
\f1 5 dimensions.\
	In the Dim 1 is binary encoding, \'a1\'a50\'a1\'a6 means no hand centers in the square. \
	In the Dim 2 is the hand center\'a1\'a6s x_coordinate, which is rescaled to 0~1(unit = square\'a1\'a6s Side length)\
	In the Dim 3 is the hand center\'a1\'a6s y_coordinate, which is rescaled to 0~1(unit = square\'a1\'a6s Side length)\
	In the Dim 4 is the box width (x_coordinate), which is \'a1\'a6NOT\'a1\'a6 rescaled.\
	In the Dim 5 is the box hight (y_coordinate), which is \'a1\'a6NOT\'a1\'a6 rescaled.\
the second \'a1\'a618\'a1\'a6 (720/40)and the third \'a1\'a632\'a1\'a6(1280/40) means which square the hand center is.
\f0 \
}